hey look see i do i will be welcome at and
video that is actually at least above me
hope a lot of your question goes
and that is on i do her
big round coming here is something
Imagine that is something like city ​​and city
if you wanted to make something for you such
thing because i thought i'm just sick
making something like that I had planned a bit
before the show so leave it in the
reactions want to shoot you have to take a minute
send to my twitter then open
maybe Marx is just a thing for you
the main topic today is natural
guest roles or I want a guest I do
do n't know
guest roles are not really good
means on my channel and
of course I will help you
but i am middle person who say so
then says van i just pick up with you
instead of you get a video on my
channel
so then i like to be with that
person because he is his joint
submitted the good turf and then see
I also really can get it right and the
feel like it
that's why you love the video with
record you and I like that much more
because you i do a gas pull up on my
channel
So at baptism I actually do not on
grass rollers you can of course do something
submit guest role to my channel that is
just stand state link state in the
Description
but then it's more because i like him
see if you are good then I do
a video with you
So that's why I decided that I
this week my last grass beautiful upload
and maybe in a few months that
I 'm going to do grass roll again but that
becomes van mind blown nl and I thought so
that they did club but that is provisional
the last guest we on my channel and yes
I hope your question falls a bit
answered or so I have a glass
red to
so you can just have them wanted and send it
to check your email to see if it's okay
and maybe hear him what your video
on success I will just throw one
look around on youtube and then
I have someone again
jacob duck to record with me via
Skype as a maybe we I
you record that probably goes through
coming soon and a skywars' recording or and
miss youtube
because in my youtube we also say
always have new people participate
because I just give you the chance to
yes' to grow
so that's my wife and grass hollow me
hope you ask a bit
has answered and
yes later